Israel's military says the conflict with
Hamas which many countries designate a
terrorist organization will probably
continue throughout 2024 prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has said Israel aims
to control gaza's border with Egypt at
the same time tensions on Israel's
Northern Frontier with Lebanon arising
fueling fears of a second front
opening sirens on Israel's northern
border another rocket strikes the
Israeli town of kirat schona fired from
neighboring Lebanon just 2 km
away Ariel frish is the principal of a
high school here in Kat Mona his
students have all left as has his family
I can take it Zoom L the alarm here on
the best timing give you 10 seconds most
of the time it hits and then the alert
goes
on as part of kirat Mona's emergency
team Ariel is one of the few who has
stayed behind almost 90% of the town was
evacuated soon after the Hamas terrorist
attack on October 7th for Ariel the
threat of Hezbollah launching a similar
attack is very real we are really
worried that what happened in the 7th of
October at the South it happen here the
northala has his radan unit which swear
to do very very bad things here very
tragic things and we need to hit them
first the border between Israel and
Lebanon has long been a tense region but
as Israel's war in Gaza has dragged on
hezbollah's attacks have become more and
more
frequent you you must understand before
the war we would get amus to see them to
see
another civilian with weapon on the
other side it was something to see which
is was not regular now we are frightened
to see them because we understand that
are they are not threatening they are
really meaning to destroy us for Ariel
and the few who remain here that threat
feels more real by the
day